The backend server provide  the front end several interface to communicate.
All these interface are http end points, and front end reach these end points through http get.
 All the status code below refers to http status code

1.sign up interface:
End point:  /signup
Parameters : username and  password, email
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the  username has been used, it will response with status code 406;
Otherwise, everything is OK, and will response with status code 202.

2.log in interface:
End point: /login
Parameters: username and  password
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the  username  and password is not correct, it will response with status code 406;
Otherwise, everything is OK, and will response with status code 202.

3.profile interface:
End point: /profile
Parameters:  username
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
Otherwise, it will response with the profile: all the user transaction history.

4.scan interface:
End point: /scan
Parameters: barcode, businessname
After the front end scan the barcode, it should call this end point.
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the item is not under dynamic pricing, it will response with status code 406
Otherwise it will response with the status code is 200.

5.bid interface:
End point: /bid
Parameters: barcode, username, businessname
We the front end begin to bid price, it query this end point tot obtain the lowest expected price of the merchant and the description of the product.
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the user is ineligible for this item (the user has bid it before ), it will response with status code 403
Otherwise it will response with the item name, item description and its price, and the status code is 200.


6.transaction interface:
End point: /transaction
Parameters: barcode, username, businessname, bid_price
bid_price pass 0 value, if the transaction fails.
After the user successfully bid the product, the front end should call the end point.
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
Otherwise, everything is OK, it will response with  status code 200.

7.forget password interface:
End point: /forgetPassword
Parameters: username, email
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the username and email is not match, it will response with status code 406;
Otherwise if everything is OK, it will send the password to the email and response with status code 200.

8.reset password interface:
END point: /resetPassword
Parameters: username oldpassword newpassword
If the server has internal failure, it will response with status code 500;
If the username and oldpassword is not correct, it will response with status code 406;
Otherwise if everythig is OK, it will  update the oldpassword by the newpassword and response with status code 202.
